Feature/prop to change filter title tag (#399)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| `maxItemsDepartment` | `number`                 | Maximum number of departments to be displayed before the See More button is triggered.          | `8`             |
| `maxItemsCategory`   | `number`                 | Maximum number of category items to be displayed before the See More button is triggered.     | `8`             |
| `initiallyCollapsed` | `Boolean` | Makes the search filters start out collapsed (`true`) or open (`false`). | `false` |

> | `filtersTitleHtmlTag` | `string` | Change html tag for filters title element. | `h5` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `filtersTitleHtmlTag` | `string` | Defines the HTML heading tag for the filters' title. | `h5` |
```

Author: Fixed

Thanks
